feat(DDS): dds supports backup policy and second level monitor updated (#4439)
huaweicloud/terraform-provider-huaweicloud: docs/resources/dds_instance.md

**NOTE:** The instance will be restarted in the background when switching SSL. Please operate with caution.

> * `enabled` - (Optional, Bool) Specifies whether to enable second level monitoring.

Reviewer: this parameter name should be change, we usually use it to indicate whether the instance is enabled

Author: second_level_monitoring_enabled

The `backup_strategy` block supports:

* `start_time` - (Required, String) Specifies the backup time window. Automated backups will be triggered during
  the backup time window. The value cannot be empty. It must be a valid value in the "hh:mm-HH:MM" format.
  The current time is in the UTC format.
  + The HH value must be 1 greater than the hh value.
  + The values from mm and MM must be the same and must be set to **00**.

* `keep_days` - (Required, Int) Specifies the number of days to retain the generated backup files. The value range is
  from 0 to 732. If this parameter is set to 0, the automated backup policy is disabled.

* `period` - (Optional, String) Specifies the backup cycle configuration. Data will be automatically backed up on the
  selected days every week.
  Value range: The value is a list of digits separated by commas (,). Each digit indicates a day of the week. The
  restrictions on the backup retention period are as follows:
  + This parameter is no need if the retention period is set to 0.

>   + If you set the retention period to 1 to 6 days, data is automatically backed up each day of the week. Set the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  + If you set the `keep_days` to 1 to 6 days, data is automatically backed up each day of the week. Set the
```

Author: done

    parameter value to 1,2,3,4,5,6,7.
  + If you set the retention period to 7 to 732 days, select at least one day of the week for the backup cycle. Example

>     value: 1,2,3,4.

Reviewer: this description is confusing, please make it more clear

Author: done
